hey guys I have some pack openings for
you I have Portuguese metal Raiders I
head up my local dollar tree they were a
dollar each so see if I can make my
money back yeah just all you guys go
check out your local dollar trees I was
that good first pack I mean too bad it's
in the starter deck but what can they do
happy about that can't even complain
it's one of the cards you're looking for
i'm sure a lot of you may not like this
video but you know i haven't done a
opening thing in forever so really care
oh it's funny first back darnisha
elefante is oh actually I've been
forgetting to look for this guy sounds
like a three dollar calm and go through
here real quick that's actually better
than this of oils you can pull in her so
yeah I got to cyber stores and so far so
that's actually pretty good I compose
mere force I can pose seven tools so
there actually is plenty of value in
here it's just you don't hit those then
going to be a little upset so black
skull dragon
hey I'd rather pull cyber Saracens over
mess of the foils believe it or not oh
there's seven tools of a bandit so yeah
I spent twenty nine dollars total and
I'm really sure i got my money back
already so sue agen well no I definitely
did so that'd be the craziest thing if I
pulled a mirror force and then like a
deep Gordian too I'm not even like a
third of the widow oh hey did I say that
yeah I did let's sweet got enjoy the
little things in life um shadow ghoul
some broken openings they had legend of
blue eyes there too I was just like
whatever because they're cheaper on ebay
actually pinga boxes for like 20 so you
save like four bucks and then like tax
and all that too so really happy so
forth oh well I just got happier another
seven pools then this may actually be my
best pulls ever believe it or not so may
sound a little weird because it's metal
Raiders but I basically pulled
everything that you would want to pull
in there I haven't gotten to sing in yet
and watch here he comes
I keep forgetting the look for cyber
sources twin-headed thunder dragon ft
Justin all this is for trade too I just
bought these packs just to do a video
not actually looking for anything for
myself so holy four minutes that'd be
sick if I got another good pull but
already I'm content so really whatever
Milas radiant I'm sorry if you wanted me
to like say the names of all the rares I
just figure you guys didn't care so
princess it is Ruby I'll start to do it
now a little late but better late than
never Witch of the Black Forest wouldn't
be surprised if that came back on the
next Finn why nothing in this game makes
sense so still haven't gotten to staying
in it's kind of upsetting I mean it's
not like that matters really because
it's the same name I believe in every
language almost positive on that oh yeah
I got thunder dragons in her to I'm
gonna have to go look for a lot too
that's interesting there is three eyed
monster my boy I know I threw that pack
on me
mind you guys probably didn't see I'm
not going to go in detail that's all I
get I got to get back third hearing loss
for Thunder dragons I actually need it
tribute to the doomed pull and a cyber
stars there it is two backs guys sweden
must be nice and last back
ladies and germs see what we got big
trap folks trap or whatever so all right
recap I kind of forgot like with half of
the packs if not more but I got for
cyber sources so far staying in then
here's my foils which I pulled a
ton I got to Sweden tribute to the
doomed twin-headed thunder dragon 27
tools gate Guardian a black skull dragon
garden esha elephanta and a solemn
judgment so hope you guys enjoyed that
um any of the stuff is for trade if
you're looking for specific comments or
rares contact me and I'll try them so
peace